Template markdown file for tracking data information/descriptions (#336)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: DATA-DESCRIPTION.md

## Data file descriptions

This document contains information about all data files associated with this project. Each file should have the following association information:

+ **File type** should be one of..
	+ *Reference file*: Obtained from an external source/database. When known, the obtained data and a link to the external source should be included.
	+ *Modified reference file*: Obtained from an external source/database but modified for OpenPBTA use. 	
	+ *External data file*: Data directly obtained from the cancer samples databases that be. When known, the specific database and download date should be included.
	+ *Analysis file*: Any file created by a script in `analyses/*`. 

> + **Associated analyses**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ **Origin**
```

> 	+ A relative link to the specific analyses that use the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	+ A relative link to the specific analysis from which the file was generated.
```
I say "from which the file was generated" because the number of analyses using the data can increase with new proposals, so this would be hard to track in releases.

Reviewer: Do you think the PR # and/or a link to the methods in the manuscript would be sufficient here, as we have been adding in the CHANGELOG.md file?

> 		+ For any files which are generally applicable to many/most/all analyses, please write *Universal* in this field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this can be deleted - sorry missed this before.

	+ When applicable, a link to the specific *script* that produced (or modified, for *Modified reference file* types) the data
+ **File description**
	+ A *brief* one sentence description of what the file contains (e.g., bed files contain coordinates for features XYZ).

### current release (release-v11-20191126)

> | **File name** |  **File Type** | **Associated analysis** | **File Description** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **File name** |  **File Type** | **Origin** | **File Description** |
```
